[Music]
you know what a courtesy tap is young
man it sounds like this it's light
friendly I'm sure that's what your mom
meant to you
no it's not mom
having a kind of a hard time lately I'm
sorry
accept my apology Signori if you could
just do the same we could press reset
don't have anything to apologize for
[Music]
you go
ma'am are you okay I'm pretty sure the
guy in that trucks following me
these road-raging watching this chilled
man go your way
I don't think you really know what a bad
day is
she will find out
that man stole my home Eddie I'm sitting
here I'm waiting for you whose phone is
on across me friend
hey listen to me he's not a friend okay
he's the psycho who came after me today
this is where your first lesson begins
no I can't do that
[Music]
I need you to learn what a bad day
really is I need you to learn how sorry
yeah you're gonna learn to five on some
retribution sounds like you're waking up
wait you better bring your A game
you're gonna need it
you